>> Maximiliano Firtman: Let's jump
into the next one, class syntax, also,
you can also click here
Next to go to the next one.
Again, I'm not going to explain all
the OOP basic details here, but
just to give a quick recap of where we
are because then we will start adding new
features that appear in
the language in the last years.
So, if you run this,
it's going to show you this, but
let's try to understand what's going on.
It's a class person.
Okay, that has a constructor.
You use the constructor
keyword in JavaScript.
And then by the way, can you create
another constructor question for you?
Can I create another constructor
with less arguments?
Something like this in JavaScript.
>> Speaker 2: I have to [INAUDIBLE] but
I've never tried.
>> Maximiliano Firtman: You never try.
Well, actually, the answer is no,
I cannot do that in JavaScript, why?
Because we don't have function
overload in JavaScript,
because actually arguments
are kind of not there.
So, I mean they are there, but
actually arguments are always,
unless you're using arrow functions,
are always,
like a sugar syntax,
to the arguments array.
So you can always say instead of this,
here are arguments of zero and
arguments of one.
I'm not sure if you know
that in JavaScript.
So when you create arguments,
they are just aliases to
the arguments array in a normal function,
not arrow function.
But anyway,
that's why there is no function overload.
That is something that is available in
other languages because it's the same
function.
It doesn't matter how many arguments
do you have, it's the constructor.
And it's not just for constructor,
it works also with other,
the same idea works with normal methods or
functions anyway.
So that means that you will
always have only one constructor.
And if you wanna receive
different kind of arguments,
you need to deal with the arguments and
the type of the arguments, or
do something that using the rest operator,
things like that.
And we will see that in a second anyway.
So a class can contain getters and
setters,
not sure if you have used that.
For example,
here we are creating an info property.
Do I need to declare
the info property somewhere?
No, not in ecmascript6 at least.
You should define that it's
a property because we have
the get prefix or the set prefix.
The name of the function is
the name of the property.
Okay, makes sense.
Then we have methods, instance methods.
They don't have the function, keyword.
It's just the same without
the function keyword.
And then I can create a subclass, in this
case an employee extending from person and
this constructor can call
the super constructor.
Okay, and you can override a method.
There is no need for defining that this
greet method is overriding the superclass.
It has the same name.
It's overriding it.
Actually, it has to do
with it prototype chain,
something more advanced that we're not
going to get into there today, but
JavaScript is a very flexible language
compared with other OOP languages.
So that's why we can do that.
And now we can create a person and
you can see here that we can
do console log of person.info.
And info is not really a variable,
it's a property, so
it's actually going to execute the getter,
get info.